# Staff meeting for Saturday 01st February 2020

Attendance: @Inzanit, @Cisien, @tannergooding, @NullEntity, @Scott-Caldwell, @RubyNova, @ChaseDRedmon

### Agenda

| Point of order | TL;DR Conclusion |
| ------------- |-------------|
| Simplify rules | Rules will be cut down to simplify. |
| Drug/alcohol rule clause | Forget original rule, replace with new rule. |
| Community screening of rules | Post new rules to GitHub, invite comments. See #2  |
| End of mod mail trial | Mod mail is now a permanent bot on the server. |

### Simplify rules

General consensus here is it is fine to cut down on rules. Although we give new members a ten minute cooldown before they can participate, a cut down list of rules is beneficial to all members of the community.

This cut down set of rules can be considered a TL;DR of the guild rules. More specific examples can be provided in the #codex. We will building upon Discord's Code of Conduct for the simplified NSFW rule.

**Conclusion:** Rules will be cut down to simplify.

### Drug/alcohol rule clause

Unsure of the use of the term "illegal". Countries have varying laws on varying drugs/narcotics. Backlash on this rule was pretty clear. We're favouring following Discord Code of Conduct and rolling this rule into a new clause, along with the existing "Be civil" rule.

New rule: "Any activity that may endanger your life or lead to your physical harm is forbidden."

### Community screening of rules

We want community members to screen rules before they are put live to raise any concerns they have. Staff note that they retain the right to implement (or not implement) any rules.

Would be good to have a PR or issue for people to comment on. That way threads can be locked/isolated to GitHub if they run out of control/topic. Discussion can happen away from Discord for staff to record and reply to with focus on the content of suggestions.

**Conclusion:** Post new rules to GitHub, invite comments. See #2 

### End of mod mail trial

Trial has gone well. All in attendance like the system.

**Conclusion:** Mod mail is now a permanent bot on the server.